FIX: spelling mistake (#34)
kube-vip/website: content/docs/usage/kubernetes-services.md

## Load Balancing Load Balancers (when using ARP mode, yes you read that correctly) (kube-vip v0.5.0+)

> By default ARP mode provides a HA implementation of a VIP (your service IP address) which will receive traffic on the kube-vip leader. This leader kube-vip instance will then drop traffic onto the kube-proxy managed services network and load-balance it to one of the pods under the service. Whilst this method works and has been used for years in a variety of implementations it has a severe limitation that all services and their traffic are ultimately pinned to a single node, which has been elected as the leader. This will eventually produce a bottleneck or large failure domain when ever this node needs downtime. To circument this kube-vip has implemented a new function which is "leader election per service", instead of one node becoming the leader for **all** services an election is held across all kube-vip instances and the leader from that election becomes the holder of that service. Ultimately, this means that every service can end up on a different node when it is created in theory preventing a bottleneck in the initial deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default ARP mode provides a HA implementation of a VIP (your service IP address) which will receive traffic on the kube-vip leader. This leader kube-vip instance will then drop traffic onto the kube-proxy managed services network and load-balance it to one of the pods under the service. Whilst this method works and has been used for years in a variety of implementations it has a severe limitation that all services and their traffic are ultimately pinned to a single node, which has been elected as the leader. This will eventually produce a bottleneck or large failure domain whenever this node needs downtime. To circumvent this kube-vip has implemented a new function which is "leader election per service", instead of one node becoming the leader for **all** services an election is held across all kube-vip instances and the leader from that election becomes the holder of that service. Ultimately, this means that every service can end up on a different node when it is created in theory preventing a bottleneck in the initial deployment.
```
